Documentation updates for efm v4.5 (#3086)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/efm/4/04_configuring_efm/01_cluster_properties.mdx

<div id="update_physical_slots_period" class="registered_link"></div>

> Use the `update.physical.slots.period` property to define the slot advance frequency for database version 12 and later. When `update.physical.slots.period` is set to a positive integer value, the primary agent reads the current `restart_lsn` of the physical replication slots after every `update.physical.slots.period` seconds and sends this information with its `pg_current_wal_lsn` and `primary_slot_name` (if it is set in the postgresql.conf file) to the standbys. The physical slots must already exist on the primary for the agent to find them. If physical slots do not already exist on the standbys, standby agents create the slots and then update `restart_lsn` parameter for these slots. A non-promotable standby doesn't create new slots but updates them if they exist.

Author: The change in this block is at the end: the back ticks were around "restart_lsn parameter" instead of around "restart_lsn" with "parameter" outside the markup.

> Before updating the `restart_lsn` value of a slot, the agent will check to see if an `xmin` value has been set, which may happen if this was previously a primary node. If an `xmin` value has been set for the slot, the agent drops and recreates the slot before updating the `restart_lsn` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before updating the `restart_lsn` value of a slot, the agent checks to see if an `xmin` value has been set, which may happen if this was previously a primary node. If an `xmin` value has been set for the slot, the agent drops and recreates the slot before updating the `restart_lsn` value.
```
